chore: add docs for experimental 'watch mode' (#33988)
microsoft/playwright: CONTRIBUTING.md

npx playwright install
```

> **Experimental watch mode for recorder/trace-viewer/UI Mode**

Reviewer: I think "watch mode" is overloaded with the test runner watch mode. Maybe dev mode, or HMR mode?

```suggestion
**Experimental dev mode for recorder/trace-viewer/UI Mode**
```

Reviewer 2: I would definitely call it out as HMR mode.

> **Experimental dev HRR mode for recorder/trace-viewer/UI Mode**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Experimental dev mode with Hot Module Replacement for recorder/trace-viewer/UI Mode**
```
